The BBC soap 'The Archers', invited Morrissey to record a cameo.
Morrissey has a fondness for the Manchester-set soap Coronation Street.
Morrissey asked Granada Television if he could write scripts for UK soap opera Coronation Street.
Morrissey was offered a role in the British soap Eastenders. He declined. The role would have had him playing Dot Cotton’s son.
Morrissey was asked to make an appearance on the popular US sitcom Friends, but didn't want to have to sing a duet with guitar-playing character Phoebe in a depressing voice.
Morrissey's full name is Stephen Patrick Morrissey.
Morrissey was born in Davyhulme, Lancashire in the northwest of England.
Morrissey was born on May 22, 1959.
Morrissey has said that his head was so large that he nearly killed his mother during childbirth.
Morrissey went to Saint Wilfreds Primary School, Saint Mary’s Secondary School, and then Stretford Tech School.
Morrissey's first job was as a filing clerk at the Inland Revenue. Of the job, he said, “I would actually prefer prostitution.”
Morrissey’s parents were both Irish Catholic immigrants who moved to Manchester the year before he was born.
Morrissey’s father, Peter, worked as a hospital porter while his mother Elizabeth was an assistant librarian.
The first gig Morrissey went to was T-Rex at the Belle Vue in 1972.
Growing up, Morrissey’s favourite musicians included T-Rex, David Bowie, Patti Smith and the New York Dolls.
Morrissey's literary heroes include Oscar Wilde, W.H. Auden, Robert Herrick and A.E. Houseman.
Morrissey's first role in a band was as frontman of "The Nosebleeds". He landed this job after responding to an advert placed by guitarist Billy Duffy (who’d later join The Cult) in Virgin Records.
Morrissey was a football fan as a boy. As an eight-year-old, he was so enthralled when his Dad took him to watch Manchester United genius George Best that he fainted.
As a boy, Morrissey represented his school in both the one-hundred and four-hundred metres athletic events.
After the Eric Cantona famously kung-fu kicked an abusive football fan in 1995, Morrissey became enchanted by the Manchester United forward. He told one interviewer, “I find him very exciting.”
The Smiths released their debut, self-titled album in 1984.
'Meat Is Murder’, The Smiths’ second album, was released in February 1985.
Morrissey has been a vegetarian since the age of eleven.
Due to his vegetarianism, in 2009 a Belgian music festival renowned for its horse-meat sausages agreed a ban on meat products to coincide with his appearance.
Beatles legend George Martin declined to produce The Smiths’ third album, ‘The Queen Is Dead’.
Morrissey originally thought that the Smiths song, ‘There Is A Light That Never Goes Out’, wasn’t strong enough to be included on the album.
Morrissey launched his solo career in 1988 with ‘Suede-head’, which sold 75,000 copies in its first week and eventually climbed to Number Five on the UK Single Charts.
Morrissey once said that he did not intend to perform live once he reached the age of 55. He is still touring in 2016 at the age of 57.
Morrissey's solo debut album, ‘Viva Hate’, debuted at Number One in the UK and entered the US Billboard Charts at 48: which is a higher chart placing than any of The Smiths’ albums.
Morrissey was quizzed by Scotland Yard over his 1988 track ‘Margaret On The Gullotine’, which was written about controversial UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
In 2006, Morrissey was voted the second greatest living British icon by BBC’s 'The Culture Show'. He was beaten to the top spot by David Attenborough, but was ahead of Paul McCartney and David Bowie.
The music magazine NME described Morrissey as "one of the most influential artists ever."

Morrissey is a cousin of Robbie Keane, the Irish footballer. He has said of Keane, "To watch him on the pitch – pacing like a lion, as weightless as an astronaut, is pure therapy."
Morrissey is a lapsed Catholic.
A vegetarian since the age of eleven, according to a 2015 interview with Larry King, Morrissey is now a vegan.
Morrissey is a vocal advocate on animal welfare and animal rights issues.
After Margaret Thatcher's death in April 2013, Morrissey called her "a terror without an atom of humanity" and that "every move she made was charged by negativity".
Morrissey is an advocate for animal rights and a supporter of Peeta: People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
In February 2013, it was reported that the Staples Center had agreed for the first time ever to make every food vendor 100% vegetarian for Morrissey's performance on March first; contractually having all McDonald's vendors close down. 